[Music]
George Stevens creator of such
masterpieces as giant and his Academy
award-winning a place in the sun
enlarges the scope of the screen with a
motion picture whose monumental
background is matched by the stature of
its moving human drama drama that began
when a mysterious stranger rode in from
out of nowhere to play a decisive role
in the lives of these rugged pioneers to
call me Shane Shane who attracted the
woman with his quiet strength who
fascinated the boy with the glint of his
gun we'd all be much better off if there
wasn't a single gun left in this valley
a gun is as good or bad as a man using
it from the clash of elemental forces
George Stevens has created a motion
picture unforgettable for its spectacle
and scope it's great human story it's
deadly conflict I've heard about you
what have you heard I've heard that
you're a low-down Yankee liar
[Music]
you